adrial dale: Okay, alright, go ahead.
Chrisana Hughes: Perfect. And, just to make sure everyone's on the same page, I met with Jared, and, I chatted with him about, the opportunity to create some sort of lockup for both of the 50th anniversaries, and he approved that we could move forward with that.
Chrisana Hughes: And then he also approved moving forward with
Chrisana Hughes: Continuing to utilize those individual center textiles, colors…
Chrisana Hughes: different assets that we have there. So, we just need to make sure that they are, updated fully with the Find Your Energy branding, and that branding can just, like.
Chrisana Hughes: have a look at it and be like, okay, this meets the Find Your Energy branding, so… We dope.
adrial dale: Do you have anything you want to add, Adriel?
adrial dale: no?
adrial dale: No? I mean, I… so this… this meeting is for the 50th logos.
adrial dale: So… Do you all have any specific
adrial dale: ideas on exactly how you want them to look, or any kind of guidelines around that, or others that you've seen out in the wild that you really like? Anything like that?
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Yeah, so Adriel, I'm happy to kind of jump in here. I, I think…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: for… for the most part, actually, that's… that's a really good question, and maybe I should have asked my team some questions in advance.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: We did… so El Centro came prepared with…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: who, like, what our messages are, like, the inspiration and kind of, like, the purpose of why we're planning, if that's also helpful to hear. Oh, yeah. I think,
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: I… I guess I don't know how to… I probably should have asked that question in particular, to my team to make sure that I had a sense of what they were looking for. Yeah.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: So, maybe…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Yeah, so I don't know if maybe I can table that and then bring that back to you, or what would be the best.
adrial dale: Yeah, that would be great, if, if people have seen other examples out there, because obviously we're not reinventing the wheel here, you know, like, anniversary kind of symbology is all over the place, so…
adrial dale: That would be a good place to start, to just see what kind of symbology you really like. I mean, obviously.
adrial dale: It might be… I actually should have pulled this up before the meeting, too, but we did, for…
adrial dale: what was it, Chrisanna? Was it the symposium's 25th? Yeah, yeah.
adrial dale: That we did a similar kind of a lockup, where,
adrial dale: Did you all see that one? The 25th? Okay. We could at least start there. Let me try to pull it up on the fly here.
adrial dale: Mmm… Sweet.
Chrisana Hughes: I loved the one that they did for Pride.
Chrisana Hughes: For Pride's 25th?
adrial dale: Oh, yeah? Do you have that one handy that we could see?
Chrisana Hughes: Yeah, I'm gonna put it in the, chat, and then…
Chrisana Hughes: Erin and John, if you want to give your thoughts on that one, I thought that one was really beautiful.
John Miller IV: That's my…
adrial dale: These might be a good place to start.
John Miller IV: Overall question is, each… so, Beck (CORRECTED: BAACC) and OC Central (CORRECTED: EL CENTRO) are gonna get our own 50th logos, correct?
Chrisana Hughes: Yes.
adrial dale: am.
John Miller IV: Okay, cool. So I will… there's a part… I'll send this one.
John Miller IV: So this is kind of our traditional logo, pre-CSU branding…
John Miller IV: piece. So there's a lot of folks who are familiar with this logo, so being able to do kind of a spin-off of this one for us. There are some,
John Miller IV: elements and aspects, so being able to kind of stay within this general color scheme of this kind of red, green, orange, yellow…
John Miller IV: Pia.
John Miller IV: will be important for us. There are things that we can, like, pull an element, so we, every year we have our Rites of Passage retreat, in which we go up to, Estes Park, so it's kind of always in the mountains, and that's happened for a couple decades now, so being able to, like, kind of, you know, maybe bring in some of the mountain peaks, or, like, some kind of the kind of structure, and I can…
John Miller IV: Send you some of the pictures that we've taken there to really kind.
adrial dale: That'd be great.
John Miller IV: With that.
adrial dale: Yeah, yeah.
John Miller IV: Really looking at circles, being able to incorporate the, the shape of…
John Miller IV: I don't want to say just Africa, because, like, we're thinking about, like, different, different areas, so, like, think about, like, shape of Africa, general Caribbean, which may be hard to pull into an actual logo itself.
John Miller IV: Yeah.
John Miller IV: So yeah, I think… and then…
adrial dale: Mountaintops, Africa, Caribbean, pull in the, those, those rich colors from this logo.
adrial dale: Great, yeah, this has all given me good fodder to work with. And of course, this is, you probably already know this, but, like.
adrial dale: It's like a common refrain when it comes to the logo design that you want to put everything in it, but you also want it to be as simple as possible.
adrial dale: So that's always the… the dramatic kind of tension in logo design. But yes, like, throw everything that you have at me, and it's my job to get creative and try to fit as much in as possible in the simplest way, because we also want it to be able to
adrial dale: shrink down to the size of a lapel pin, and still be legible, right? So…
adrial dale: Yeah, that's what we're trying to get creative about.
John Miller IV: I just threw, a piece of the branding in for, our… for what we're using for our Black History Month this year, which is.
adrial dale: Yeah.
John Miller IV: At the top, which is really meant to,
John Miller IV: take after the baobub tree, which is…
adrial dale: Yeah, okay.
John Miller IV: Wait, I can… can drop some of that in here. Sorry, I was like, oh, I can actually just throw some of these here.
adrial dale: Yeah, this is great.
John Miller IV: To the larger ones… So, oh, it's not letting me pull it over. Oh, please.
John Miller IV: Oh, we can… we can keep talking, and I'll keep dropping these in.
adrial dale: Okay.
adrial dale: And then as far as, like, the actual words that are going to be involved, obviously, 50th is going to be the predominant one, but then the name of your group.
adrial dale: Is that… is that pretty much it? Like, back and 50th, or El Centro and 50th? Like, those are the only words that would be involved in the mark itself, right?
John Miller IV: Yeah, potentially for us, we may, like, do a play on it, so, like, maybe, like, looking, and then be able to, like, highlight the back part, like, the BAACC.
John Miller IV: For that kind of 50th tie-in may be a part that we've been talking about.
adrial dale: Did I say that again? I didn't catch that.
John Miller IV: So, like, sofas…
John Miller IV: So for us, our nickname is back, so being able to, like, incorporate, like, looking back.
adrial dale: Oh, looking back, oh god, I got it.
Chrisana Hughes: Yeah.
John Miller IV: Yeah.
adrial dale: Yes, yes, I see what you're saying. I pick up what you're putting down now.
John Miller IV: Okay.
adrial dale: Alright, so looking…
Chrisana Hughes: John, quick question. Do you have the, the, like, original files
Chrisana Hughes: For those colors that are associated with that, you don't have any, do you think?
adrial dale: Next one.
John Miller IV: I do not.
Chrisana Hughes: Yeah.
Chrisana Hughes: Aaron provided the ones for El Centro, and those would be helpful, for Adriel, if you can just try and track them down.
John Miller IV: I've tried, Beck doesn't have them.
adrial dale: I could… I could try to kind of manually recreate the patterns with these colors. I can at least get the approximation of the colors in Photoshop based on this, even though it's low resolution. I can… I can figure that part out.
adrial dale: And then what I'll… what I'll give you too, John, is…
adrial dale: you know, once I recreate these patterns in Illustrator, I can give them to you as vector files, which means you can use them at any size without any pixelation or anything.
adrial dale: So that'll be super helpful for your marketing.
John Miller IV: That sounds great.
adrial dale: Okay, cool. And I love the idea of, like, the looking back, like, maybe that wouldn't…
adrial dale: And that brings to mind that we probably want to have different iterations of each one of your logos, right? Where one might be a really…
adrial dale: like… With as few letters as possible for, like, a lapel pin, like.
adrial dale: Teeny tiny. And then another that would be maybe, like, larger that you would use on a flyer that might incorporate a phrase like, looking back.
adrial dale: Right? And so… so just have maybe, like, 3 different versions of them that you could use on different kinds of marketing, depending on what size you have, or kind of what the use case is. Would that be helpful?
John Miller IV: That would be helpful. I'm gonna drop… oh, wait. I'm actually gonna drop…
John Miller IV: one other piece that that could do a plan… sorry, and I know I'm taking up a lot of space, want to make sure that we can, you know, continue having the conversations. No, no, this is great. But being able to,
John Miller IV: incorporate, potentially, like, the theme of the Sankofa bird, which is, really significant in the kind of looking back
John Miller IV: motif narrative on a lot of the work that we do, so I will drop two in here.
John Miller IV: The first one is kind of like the more… more traditional logo. It typically has feet, it has the neck curving back, but the neck always curves back to the…
John Miller IV: Right, like, it comes back on itself, where the head is facing to our right, and body is facing to our left.
John Miller IV: The second picture contradicts that, but it should be flipped.
adrial dale: Oh, okay.
John Miller IV: There's significant…
adrial dale: magically flip it in, in Photoshop here, so…
John Miller IV: The significance is, like, is the flipping, so, like, facing particularly east and west is important for the symbol.
John Miller IV: But I put the second one in there to, like, potentially give you ideas on, like, how you can incorporate, like, the pattern into the body itself.
John Miller IV: and potentially, like, incorporate something about what that looks like. So the important parts are the feet, the direction of the bird itself, and then the actual egg in its mouth. But everything else can move and change. And in the actual story it comes from, she is a multicolored bird, so, like, it can be anything with, like, mini pattern.
adrial dale: This is awesome. Okay, I mean, I'm… I'm…
adrial dale: I'm thinking, too, but I mean, maybe…
adrial dale: And of course, this is gonna be dependent on time and budget and everything, but, like.
adrial dale: we might even have different versions of the logo, one that might highlight the Sankofa bird, another that would highlight the baobab tree, you know, like.
adrial dale: Especially for… if we're wanting to… wanting them to be able to…
adrial dale: to boil down to smaller sizes, we might have something where it's like, hey, collect them all.
John Miller IV: We have, like.
adrial dale: five different kinds of logos, to use in, like, these different kinds of use cases. How long are you going to be using these logos for? Is it just for this year, or are you going to be using it beyond?
John Miller IV: the… so for us, I think it's a great question. For us, we don't have the same kind of lock-up package that El Centro has, so my hope is that what we could do is, like, be able to have a version that is the 50th, and then have a version that is not, so we can continue to, like.
John Miller IV: use a lot of the patterns in the background, so, like, so whatever comes out from, like, your vector files, we'll be able to, like, integrate that and, like, put the Find My Energy over that.
John Miller IV: do a similar thing. But again, the most important piece is getting what we needed for the 50th, and then hopefully having things a little bit flexible enough for us to continue using in the future.
adrial dale: Oh, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright, that's, that's good. So, that's good to know, so I'll kind of keep in mind
adrial dale: Or even after the 50th, you would be… we would be able to use this as your general back logo.
adrial dale: From here on out. Okay, let me make note of that. And same for you, too, Aaron?
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: I… I think it depends on what latitude we'd have to be able to use our logo in the future. So, to use a separate logo other than a unit identifier, so I think maybe it's more of a question of.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: connecting with Marcom to see if they'd be willing to adjust our unit identifier to
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: just use the Poppins font and all the other things that they need to do in order to make that unit identifier match overall, right? Because I'm getting the sense that the use of a separate logo outside of this campaign is not something that we have the latitude to do.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: And so I don't… so it's not that it's not important, but I think for the… for… for what we're currently working through, I don't think that we need, we need to focus on that so much for El Centro.
Chrisana Hughes: Yeah, the… the sense I got from Jared when I met with him was that because this is temporary in nature, that it… that's the reason it got approval to move forward, so…
Chrisana Hughes: They're pretty strict about those unit IDs and making sure that we're using those to be consistent with others on campus. But I do,
Chrisana Hughes: I do want to… I'm working on
Chrisana Hughes: collecting the files for each center, like, you know, Adriel, so we can start creating the different versions for the brand asset generator. So, we're… it's definitely something that we need, and, like.
Chrisana Hughes: I think pulling the files, like you said, would be helpful in other projects, but I think it'll be more so that we can use the colors and the essence, rather than using, like, the… an actual logo. We still need to stick with the unit ID.
adrial dale: Okay.
adrial dale: So then that would also apply to… to back, unfortunately. Okay, yeah.
adrial dale: So just using it for this one-off. So maybe for both of you, you would be using this logo for the next year to celebrate the 50th, and then you'd put it to bed, and that would be that.
adrial dale: Okay. Then in that… in that case, it probably would be overkill to do different versions of the logo, like one with the Sankofa, one with the mountains. If… if you had to choose, like, one…
adrial dale: motif, John. I know that's hard, because you have a whole plethora. Like, what would it be? What would be the central one?
John Miller IV: Yeah, the Sankofa would be the central one for me.
adrial dale: Sankova, okay. Alright, let me put… Control.
adrial dale: Okay.
adrial dale: And Aaron, how about you? Like, do you have those kinds of visuals? I know that the Hispanic culture has tons of those visuals as well. Is there a central one that comes to mind that would represent?
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Yeah, thank you, and what we… we don't… we don't use the word Hispanic, because it's, oh, sorry. No, you're fine. No, no, no, you're fine. It's just such a narrow definition, so that's why we use the word Latine, Latinx, things like that.
adrial dale: Check in.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: But yeah, so Adriel, I think, and John, thank you so much for, getting us started, because as you were sharing your thoughts, I was like, oh yeah, actually, we do have… we do have inspiration, that we would like to use, so I'm putting in the chat, our original logo.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: And maybe, perhaps, the historical textiles
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: PDF, which maybe you've seen before, Adriel, it sounds like, and totally fine if not.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: And then lastly, this is a wall wrap that is outside of our office that I also put in there, so I think we're looking for, something that is possibly… and right, I know that we have, as far as, like, texts and, and, and, things like that, we have.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: we have Poppins that we're working with, we're working with Madone, right? We're working with those things, but I think being able to weave together, similar to how the wall wrap is, the wall wrap, that last sunburst.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Is one that
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Could potentially be an inspiration, for maybe, like, what a logo could look like, whether it's a square, or a round, or something like that.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: But yeah, I think… I think that the intention is that all of the different textiles within the historical textile document that was shared, that all of those textiles are used in a specific way. Within the El Centro logo, each of the textiles have their own band, to kind of
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: represent, like, a blanket of them being interwoven with each other.
adrial dale: No way.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: that it was put together for the wall wrap, was that they are all, like, they're shards that are just, you know, coming together, they're refracting, they're, you know, like, the use of the sun and things like that. So, I think something that,
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Incorporates all of the different textiles, would be really important to us.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: And it's kind of what the vision that we're… that we're looking for. As far as other language to include, kind of what…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: 25 Years of Pride or something like that.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: I don't know.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: I don't know, I think that that's… I think for sure, we're looking for a specific use of textiles, and it being vibrant, it being, you know, something like that, of course, using our brand package of colors, but as far as…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: the layout and things like that, I think we're super open to that, so I don't know if that's more complicated for you, Adriel, because we can definitely put together more of, like, a lookbook for you of these are some of the things that we really want, or want to try to avoid, or things like that, so…
adrial dale: Yeah, no, the patterns is super helpful. That's kind of the texture part of it. Are there… is there a specific…
adrial dale: imagery, like the Sankofa bird for back, that would be representative for this 50th, if you could choose, like, one image.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: I think what we're all imagining is that the textiles themselves are the central image, so is it kind of like…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: if it's a square, is it the border, right, that the border looks maybe like the shards, right, that it's kind of sprinkled all between, and things like that. I think that that's really what we're looking for. I think trying to pick an image for such a large
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: group of people and demographics, right? Like, that's… yeah, it's just gonna be really difficult, and that's why there was so much work that was put into the textiles and the ones that were chosen and the colors and, like, all of that other stuff, was because we were really trying, at the time, really trying to
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Trying to attend to the diversity.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: And the one piece that is common… I mean, we're talking different ecosystems, different languages, different cultures, different… I mean, it's… it's just all over, right? And so… so yeah, similar to… similar to… to back, you know? But yeah, I think that that's really more what we're looking for, is the… the textiles being the central image.
adrial dale: And is there a…
adrial dale: A tagline or something that you would want to be incorporated in the logo lockup for larger
adrial dale: you know, the larger use cases, not that we would use it in, like, the smaller, like, lapel pins, but for, like, a flyer or something. Is there a tagline
adrial dale: Like, looking back.
adrial dale: obviously, John has it easy with a name like Back that was just created for him. But, for you, is there something like that that would be incorporated with your 50th logo?
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Yeah, that's a really great question. I think the… we're… we're, let me see, I just have this up.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: We are… so, kind of, that is, for us, is falling into three different… so I'm going to give you 3 different answers, but they're all super… they're all super intertwined. So,
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: perhaps it would be something that is celebrating 50 years, or 50th, anniversary, which would be in Spanish, right? So, 50th anniversario, right? Something like that is probably in that writing that we would probably be interested in.
adrial dale: Our three main messages that we are trying… the stories we're trying to tell around the 50th, with all of the other digital assets, would be orcuyo, which means, pride, which is representing the past, right? Like, the, the honoring the accomplishments.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: coming together, that's the present, right? That it's an opportunity to be together in community, and then futuro, or future, which is about, really, that,
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: One of the reasons why we're celebrating is we also need fundraising. We need to sustain the next 150 years.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: And so… and then our audiences, we are calling them threadbearers.
adrial dale: Mmm, no.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Those include our local community.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Absolutely. The alum and the alumni Association, and then our current students. So those are all… so those are all of our audiences and all of the different messages. So yeah, so I think that those would be kind of, like, the three…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: That… maybe in some of it is something that will work for all of those different
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: groups, all of those different dynamics,
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Yeah, but as far as, like, a tagline or something like that, I think what I see in the symposium,
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: logo, might… might be really great, right? It,
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: celebrating 25 years, or maybe even having our dates of when we were… when we were founded, when we were, you know, the, 2026, you know, so, maybe something like that would be. But just more, like, honoring.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: honoring the presence, honoring the light that we are celebrating, honoring language, honoring, the dates that we… that we emerged on campus, what it looks like back. Those are some of the other things that are important, I think.
adrial dale: Great, okay, yeah, that's helpful. So the… just so I'm clear on the three that you had mentioned, I mean, you would… you said Orgujo, and futuro, and presente as well? Like, do you want to say Orgurio, presente y Futuro, or…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Yeah, and so this… these are… I don't think it has to say… I don't think we are… we want a logo that says all three.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Those are the… those are the stories that we're going to be trying to tell, right? So, as we're putting together fundraising materials, as we are talking to our
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Our alums about convincing them to come back.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: as an example, one of the stories that we want to tell is some embodied storytelling for our alums to remind them of, do you remember, through this picture of the old El Centro that you used to take a nap in, right? Or that we were right next door, and then you'd run up to the Black Student Services office.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Right? That's maybe through pictures and storytelling, right? So that… to bring home that orgurio, and then that, like, this is the need to come together. So I think that that was not necessarily… it's more neces… it's more, I think, focused on what we're going to be using it for, and what the story is that we're going to be telling for, the various events, yeah.
adrial dale: Right, and that's the beauty of a simple logo, is that you get to then… it's an empty bucket that you get to fill with meaning when done… when done well.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Right, yeah.
adrial dale: So, great. Okay, that's… that's super helpful. I got chills when, you were talking about the embodied storytelling, that's gonna be
adrial dale: Perfect.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Yeah, okay.
adrial dale: Okay, so celebrating 50 years, or 50th anniversary, embodied storytelling, threadbearers are alumni, students, other campus partners.
adrial dale: Partners… you want to include maybe the years…
adrial dale: Okay, I think… and of course, it's the patterns themselves is the central theme, so it's, like, the weaving together is what I'm hearing, is, like, all of these different patterns, these different subcultures within the Latine community all weaving together as one, is the main message. Okay,
adrial dale: Sure is weaving together, that's one.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: And then, if this is helpful as well, if we were to put 55th let me see…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Stat.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: The way that you abbreviate it in Spanish is with a little O, like a superscript O. I'll get an example of that. Sure, I just need to find it.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: And we can move on, I can put this in the chat here in a bit, but I'm trying to find…
Chrisana Hughes: Is this it, Erin?
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Yeah, it looks like 50 degrees… yeah, it looks like…
adrial dale: It looks like 50 degrees, but that O is how you actually say it in Spanish, which I can't remember how to do off the top of my head, but it's…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: But when you say 50th in Spanish, it ends with an O. It doesn't end with a DH like it does with us. So, for English, yeah.
adrial dale: Perfect. Okay
adrial dale: Okay, great. And then, back to you, John. It's great that, like, as you each are sharing certain things, it's like, it's expanding the lens, so I'm like, oh, great, so now I want to ask John more specifics after, Aaron just shared all that.
adrial dale: Kind of how… what kinds of…
adrial dale: messages are you going to be attaching this logo to, John, in your marketing over the next year?
John Miller IV: Yeah, a lot of the… a lot of the messages are gonna be about…
John Miller IV: I gotta say this, Beck has a very interesting history in that, like.
John Miller IV: the beginning was really shifted in, like, in set in African American culture, and a lot of the ways that Black culture centers have made sense of it is through West African culture, so that's why, like, the Senko for Bird emerges as a centralized, like, image that can be used across.
John Miller IV: Because of, like, how Black power movements, like, kind of came up and, like, what imagery looks like. So for us, like, a lot of our images is about that kind of looking back. So the… so the proverb that's attached to Sankofa is, it is not taboo to go back and fetch that which you have forgotten.
adrial dale: Mmm…
John Miller IV: it is very much so, like, looking back to, like, know how you're gonna go forward. So it is very… so we're gonna… and the way that we're operationalizing our histories and the ways I think, that folks within and across the diasporic cultures, like, engage in general, is to be able to have this kind of honoring
John Miller IV: in, like, Memorial Place, there's a lot of history of folks who have passed away, there's a lot of, like, history of, like, legacies and contributions, and the ways they all come together, I think is really embodied in what the Senkofa has to… has to offer, and similar into, like, the, El Centro patterns, where it's, like, they come together, but their different patterns is the same way that, like, the Senkofa can look like. It's, like, every color is actually a different,
John Miller IV: It's a different meaning, a different culture, a different, like…
John Miller IV: vibe or history, so you can actually look at the different feathers through different, like, vignettes of, like, what that looks like, and it just happens to all come together in this giant shape. So it'll be our… it'll be very much so the same. It's about, like, connecting the past to the present, and as we are thinking about the future.
adrial dale: Mmm.
John Miller IV: Very much so, like, thinking about… there's, like, this, like, temporal headiness to it, while also being very, like.
John Miller IV: it feels good, right? It feels bright, it feels colorful, it feels like to be grounded in something. So, like, something else, which is why we use, like, a, like, plant
John Miller IV: symbols, and habits in general is, like, the roots, like, the root systems, and being able to say, like, things are interconnected, things are woven together, things are, like, those kinds of things. So I guess that's the general vibe of what we're going for, is to be able to, like, looking back to know where we're going forward.
John Miller IV: That's a long-winded, a long-winded way of saying that.
adrial dale: No, this is great, this is great. I'm like, I'm getting chills with you talking too, man. Okay, so looking… what did you say? Looking back so we can…
John Miller IV: Yeah, so we can go forward. So the, so the actual… So the full proverb…
adrial dale: It is not taboo.
adrial dale: I didn't get the last part of it.
John Miller IV: Yes, it is not taboo to go back and fetch.
John Miller IV: that's… Which you have worked out.
adrial dale: I've forgotten, yeah. Oh, that's good, man. Okay.
adrial dale: Alright.
adrial dale: Yeah, and in that way, I mean…
adrial dale: I mean, it's not a big surprise, but, like, the… obviously, El Centro and back.
adrial dale: You know, it has that central theme of, like, we have a whole bunch of different, like.
adrial dale: subcultures, for lack of a better term, that is all one culture. Like, we're all woven together. We have these… these different ways that we can be proud of being these subcultures, but we're all one.
adrial dale: And we're all weaving together these different textures into this one bird, or this one logo.
adrial dale: Okay.
adrial dale: Awesome. Oh, man. Okay, my mind is racing all over the place with creative ideas already. All right.
adrial dale: Cool, I think that's…
adrial dale: I think that's all that I need, at least for this first round, of just kind of starting to ideate and brainstorm.
adrial dale: If you… if you both can, like, send whatever else comes to mind, especially when it comes to other similar kinds of anniversary logos that you see out in the wild.
adrial dale: And they don't even have to, do anything with, you know.
adrial dale: anything close to your culture or whatever, just like, I really like how this kind of an anniversary logo was laid out, even. Like, anything like that, I want to make sure that
adrial dale: I'm starting from the foundation of what you like, and what, like, your group is really all about, then getting creative from there, as opposed to me kind of starting off being creative in my little room over here, and then presenting it to you.
adrial dale: So… so nothing is too much, just, like, send whatever you got, so I can use that as a… as a starting point.
adrial dale: And then we'll go from there. Yeah?
John Miller IV: Yeah.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Can I ask a question? Yeah. Are we still, and maybe this is… John, Kristana.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Are we still interested in, for… so for the joint event that we're doing, some sort of…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Design that represents both.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: centers… And first of all, and then as an aside, John, it's…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: I'm just always reminded by what an honor it is to be working alongside you, and thank you for all that you are doing for the 50th. I just think it's so great. Like, literally all my… most of my ideas came because John
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: has a thousand ideas, which is so great, okay. But, right, so for the joint event, I think, personally, and I know that John, and I don't know what this actually means, but I'm not… I'm not personally interested in the border of two different logos.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Right, on there, this separation, I think John and I are really committed to the joint event looking very much
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: What word do I want?
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: to use, solidarity. I think I'm gonna… solidarity and coalition is really what we're interested in, so I don't think… so yeah, so John, I don't know what your thoughts are. Chrisanna, I don't… I don't know if I just brought up something that it's like, we don't have money for that. So, so yeah, so just… but I'm just curious, because I feel like at one point we were talking about it.
John Miller IV: Yeah, and I… I wonder if there's a way where, after our two individuals are done, that there's a way to, like, combine them, thinking about, like, whatever patterns are already created, used, something, like, is there something across,
John Miller IV: the Afro-Latina diet that we can use to actually blend them together, right? So maybe… maybe the thing that brings us together is, like, a half of a hibiscus flower that, like, has different patterns in each one, right? Being able to, like, really kind of meet somewhere
John Miller IV: Either at a set of cultures, and be able to, like, say, like, no, like, this is a part of it, or, like, some kind of, like.
John Miller IV: thing that kind of starts and then ends, but there's an intentional blending in the middle. I know that's a lot to ask for artistically, but… but I think that's where… that's… I agree, like, something that is, like, cohesive and,
John Miller IV: like, when I… when I think of a lot of the folks that do it, that I've seen it done, like, there may be something where,
John Miller IV: it's basically, like, in, like, I don't know what they call it, perpendicular, like, it's two, so then, like, half is one, and then, like, half is the other, so then you're able to kind of see them come together, and then there's something that indicates that there's both, together.
adrial dale: That might be the way to do it that doesn't introduce so much extra cost to create, like, a whole new logo that is the merging of the two. That maybe there is just a creative way to, like, blend the two logos
adrial dale: In an artistic way that literally shows that there are these two separate logos, but they're one now.
John Miller IV: In what kind of marketing would you be using the merged logo, and would that only be for the next year as well, or would you be using that.
adrial dale: After.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Yeah, so I think… so, I started putting some thoughts down in terms of, like, a cadence for…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: what we might want to start having some communication around, especially around that joint event, and possibly some media assets. So, for the event that we're doing that's joint, that is the one that is getting the most investment.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: in terms of university resources, monetarily, but also labor-wise. So I do think having something, so we're thinking possibly, a need for postcards, email headers,
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: It's gonna live on our website for both of our offices, social media assets, I mean, we're really… it's gonna be a big, potentially a big fundraising opportunity as well.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: So yeah, and I know that Colleen is very committed to us sending out a Save the Date in advance of both… of all three of the events that we're putting together, so I think that that joint event will definitely bring a good chunk of people, and will be one of the things that we're… that we're communicating about, for sure, yeah.
adrial dale: Yeah, and then is… and then after that event, are you planning on still using this merged logo for future endeavors? Like, when El Centro and back are working together, kind of thing?
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: John and I've started thinking just really briefly about other ways that we can
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: like, for my Heritage Month, when John is doing something
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: in the fall of 2026, that's for Heritage Month. Maybe he's joining in on an event, and that we use the logo, or whatever, whatever joint marketing there. So it'll definitely get use, I think, hopefully, I don't know. We'll see what… we'll see what ends up coming up, but… but yeah, I do think that it'll be something that's used for the year, if possible. Okay. Yeah, but…
adrial dale: Okay.
adrial dale: Okay, anything else to say on that, John? I have another question that came up that might take us back.
John Miller IV: I grew up.
adrial dale: Okay, cool.
John Miller IV: So…
adrial dale: In thinking through the kinds of use cases where you would be using these logos, is it always going to be the case where you're going to be using them
adrial dale: in full color,
adrial dale: Okay, the main gist of my question is, like, will you need a version of these logos that is, like.
adrial dale: Just a solid color, like a white logo on a dark background, or a dark logo on a light background.
adrial dale: Like, in some cases.
adrial dale: you know, you might want to get it embroidered on a hat or something, and therefore it needs to be, like, more simple colors, and we can't do, like, elaborate patterns and stuff like that. Would you be needing the logo to be in those kinds of cases, or would it always be full color?
John Miller IV: I think for us, it would generally always be full color. I think maybe, depending on if the…
John Miller IV: outline in the words, maybe a white and a black version of that, just in case, you know, depending on what background we're putting it on, but I don't know if we'll need, like, a completely solid version, based on how we're gonna use it.
adrial dale: Yeah, okay. And you too, Aaron? Similar?
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Yeah, and I think, too, and Chrisanna, I don't know if me bringing up a joint
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Like, if… so, I… I don't… I don't…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: I think part of this is also what are we, are you able to produce for us in the end? My thought and understanding was that most… there'd be very little that we are producing
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: In, like, with our own…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: student staff are with me personally, or anything like that, that most of it is gonna be…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Like, an email header that we use multiple times, but that it's produced
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: somehow. So, I don't… I don't know, Adriel, to that question. I think it really depends on what ends up
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: I don't… I don't foresee a use…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: for needing a non-color logo, but I do agree with you, John, that perhaps having something that's, like, solid color, depending on the background, but again, I don't think…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: I just want to be really… personally, I want to be really respectful of the fact that, we're working with you.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: That the way that this marketing rolls out, that it is very much in line with an inclusive excellence look and feel, right? I think that those things have been… that Colleen is really trying to help all of us tell a single story with this, and so just wanting to honor that. I don't…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: No, if I would…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: want to use it for something else, right, other than what's already being produced.
adrial dale: Yeah. I mean, it could be just something where, if I have that in mind, of, like, there might be a use case where you need to use it in, like, solid white against a dark background, for example.
adrial dale: that…
adrial dale: I just structure the logo in such a way that maybe in those cases, obviously, we wouldn't have the texture and the colors, of course.
adrial dale: but the outline of it would still say Sankofa Bird, or the outline of it would still say weaving together of textiles, you know, for El Centro, right? That, like, having it in the color version gives it more depth, it gives it more story.
adrial dale: But it still can boil down to a simple one color if necessary, right? So just to have that in mind as I'm developing is helpful, yeah.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Wow, that's great, right? Yeah.
Chrisana Hughes: Okay. I'm trying to think through all the uses, but I think, because we're starting with the logos first, we kinda…
Chrisana Hughes: can create the marketing around it, so I'm not really, like, foreseeing a need of, like, an all-white version or, like, a print version, you know what I mean? Like, newspaper version. I'm not seeing that right now.
Chrisana Hughes: And I think that we can probably build the marketing around it. Like, for example, if it doesn't work well on a green background, we would want to use it on, like, a white background, if that makes sense.
adrial dale: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
adrial dale: Okay, cool. All right, my head is swimming right now in a good way. I got so much going on here. Awesome. Anything else to say?
adrial dale: Oh, okay. John's still dropping… dropping some stuff in the chat here. Awesome. Yeah, that's cool.
Chrisana Hughes: Yeah, I… I like the idea of…
Chrisana Hughes: I like the idea of a joint logo for the,
Chrisana Hughes: the joint event, I am mindful
Chrisana Hughes: of, like, just resources, and that it's gonna be for one event. I know it is, like, the signature event, so I want to check in with Colleen about that and get her thoughts, but I also…
Chrisana Hughes: I really like the idea Adriel had of, like.
Chrisana Hughes: Once we get the two logos, trying to kind of merge them together in a way that it's not, like, recreating a whole new logo.
Chrisana Hughes: Especially because when we're marketing, we don't want to use, like, both logos that say 50, because that's gonna feel repetitive, you know? So, let me just talk to Colleen about that a little more and get her ideas. I know she's also really excited about that joint event, so I'd,
Chrisana Hughes: I'm excited to hear what she has to say, but I will present it to her, definitely.
adrial dale: Awesome, yeah, and then to go back to… This one,
adrial dale: you know, I can imagine, you know, we'll…
adrial dale: we'll probably want to start with the simplest version first, to make sure that it kind of boils down, so this would be an example of that, of, like, for the symposium 25th, we wanted this… how big did this end up being, Chrisanna? Like, an inch or something? Like…
Chrisana Hughes: We use.
adrial dale: Stanford.
Chrisana Hughes: stickers… well, we used it for pins and stickers.
adrial dale: Yeah, that too, on the bag, yeah, yeah.
Chrisana Hughes: Oh, yeah.
adrial dale: But it also went down to, like, a small pin size, so…
adrial dale: In that case, for… for y'all.
John Miller IV: Oh…
adrial dale: I imagine, like, the center of it would need to be 50th, because that's the… that's the main focus, but then, like, for back, the Sankofa bird would be kind of a secondary thing.
adrial dale: how do you feel about that? Or would you want the Sankofa bird to be the main thing, and then 50th would be kind of the text around the side? Like, what are y'all… what are y'all thinking about that?
John Miller IV: I would… I would like the 50th to… I would like the Sankofa bird to be the central piece, because I think for the folks, particularly for the folks, I think about 20 years and plus out, the Sankofa bird is going to resonate specific… like, they're gonna see it, and they're gonna, like, have an understanding of it automatically. Yeah.
John Miller IV: And this also made me think of, like, this is also a logo that we'll be using on our cookbook lookbook, so we'll actually be having…
John Miller IV: come out about it. So this is something that we'll be generally using for that, so… it'll be…
John Miller IV: Used in other things outside of the programs.
adrial dale: Yeah. …communications that are happening.
adrial dale: And maybe, too, like, you know.
adrial dale: We have a version of it that would be in a circle like this, but we also have a version that would be horizontal.
adrial dale: Right? Like, not a completely different design, but just a different layout that would, you know, for the lookbook, cookbook.
adrial dale: You know, that might be… You know, it wouldn't really lend itself to a circle
adrial dale: logo like this, right? It would be more of a horizontal logo, maybe.
adrial dale: So I'll… what we'll do, kind of, for the first round, is kind of develop what this
adrial dale: The simplest version of it would be like this.
adrial dale: And then, once we nail that for both of you.
adrial dale: and we're happy with that one, then I iterate that into all the different kinds of use cases that you would use it for, like a horizontal version, a stacked version that's not necessarily in a circle, etc. Does that sound good to both of you?
John Miller IV: Good to meet.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Yeah, sounds great. Yeah, thanks for checking in on all of these details. Yeah, I appreciate that, Andrew.
adrial dale: Yeah, of course. I wanna, I wanna make sure that this is, like.
adrial dale: you can be proud of it, right? Like, and this is… this is a really big…
adrial dale: project, you know, it's something that you're gonna stand behind and, hopefully be super proud of. So…
adrial dale: Cool. Anything else to be said before we wrap up? Chrisanna, any last words?
adrial dale: our MC for the day?
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Oh, you're muted.
Chrisana Hughes: You'd think I'd be used to this by now, unmuting.
John Miller IV: Damn.
Chrisana Hughes: I have all of the files from Aaron in that lookbook that he was referring to, so I'll make sure you have all that, Adriel, for your designs. But, yeah, I'm really excited.
Chrisana Hughes: Thank you all for your brilliant ideas, and also, I know, Erin, you mentioned you might want to touch base with your team to get their thoughts and feelers, so just feel free to send us an email in the next week or so if you get additional feedback or anything like that.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Yeah, absolutely, yeah. And Chris Anna, thank you for, checking in with Colleen about that… that joint event. I mean, maybe John can… and I know that we're right… we're past time.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: John, I think, am I… are we… are we on the same page that if we don't do a joint 50th logo, right? Because that…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: If it's impossible, great. If it's not, I think…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: John, are we on the same page with whatever the look of that
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: design is for that event, that it really is… that there's…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: That it's integrated in a way that
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: I don't know how you would say that, John. Are we… I feel like… I feel like you and I are really much on the same page that that being the thing that… that Colleen hears, is… and that you, Adriel, hear as well, is that… that that's really what we're looking for for that.
John Miller IV: Yeah, yeah, and if… and it sounds like because we are using a different form of…
John Miller IV: logo lockup, that it won't necessarily be an issue if we put them both on the same line, because they won't be kind of our, you know, CSU-branded pieces, so we may still be able to use it that way. So it sounds like that does kind of a secondary priority as compared to, like, getting the… our individual ones together.
John Miller IV: And then we can get creative, and maybe it's just, like, put it… both of them in one file, and orient them in a specific way, where that is just the singular image that is… when we do a joint, that is the joint thing.
Chrisana Hughes: Yeah, I actually was thinking when you were sharing the symposium logo, Adriel, it could be cool, and I think this could be pretty simple, so may…
Chrisana Hughes: like, be less… less work, but I was thinking, if… if we were to do a circle, it would be cool to do, like, 5, 0, and then, like, kind of split it down the middle, so, like, the 5 is El Centro, and the 0 is back, or the other way around, and have the colors, so it's, like.
Chrisana Hughes: A split one with 50?
Chrisana Hughes: But that was just a thought I had. I'm sure Adria will come up with some brilliant ideas.
adrial dale: Yeah, there's a lot… there's a… there's a lot of possibility, for sure. I know. Yeah, yeah.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: For some… for some historical context, there has been, over the years, tension between the two offices.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: And not… like, and so we're really… John and I…
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: are not those people, we are not those leaders, our community is not there anymore, right? And so, it's really about the healing. When I use words like coalition and solidarity, that's really what we're going for, and that we're trying to message to the alums, because many of our alums probably felt
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: some of that, right? So I think it goes a little… that's why I'm… that's why I keep bringing it up, because it is something that we just really want to be very sensitive to for this community, because it really, really matters to them that… that we are in, again, like, in coalition with each other, because we are, very much so.
adrial dale: Yeah, okay, that's… that's helpful background. Yeah, thanks for that.
Aarón (he, him, él) Escobedo Garmon, El Centro: Thanks. Thanks for listening.
John Miller IV: Okay. But Kristana, I have a… I have a quick question for you after all this, if we can get a minute for you to drop off.
Chrisana Hughes: Sounds good.
Chrisana Hughes: Oh, wait, I don't know that we can stay because it's Adriel's meeting, but I can call you on Teams after.
John Miller IV: Okay, cool.
Chrisana Hughes: Zoom is weird.
adrial dale: Hey, I take offense to that, just because I'm not on Teams. Awesome.
John Miller IV: Well.
adrial dale: Well, thank you for, for entrusting these… these super important logos, with… with me, and I look to… look forward to adding some creativity in here and seeing what we can put together. I'm excited to work with both of you on it.
Chrisana Hughes: Thanks, everybody. Thank you all. Thanks, Adriel.
adrial dale: Alright, bye.
Chrisana Hughes: Bye!